IGN Code-Foo Challenge Application

1) How many pennies could you put on the Golden Gate Bridge without any of them overlapping? For this question, please write out each step in your thought process.
I found this question to be slightly vague. Upon first reading it I assumed that the question was asking how many pennies would fit on the roadway of the Golden Gate. However after reading it several times I began to wonder if you meant the entire bridge; roadway, sidewalks, towers, wires, braces, the whole enchilada. To preserve my sanity I decided to assume you meant the roadway across the Golden Gate Bridge.
To figure out this question I needed some measurements first. I started by measuring the diameter of a penny which is 0.75 inches. I then needed to figure out how many pennies could fit into a square foot. Sixteen pennies lined up is one foot long, which means that in one square foot 256 pennies would fit. Next I needed some measurements from the Golden Gate Bridge. According to goldengatebridge.org the width of the bridge is 90 feet and the length of the bridge is 1.7 miles or 8,981 feet, which means that the roadway has an area of 808,290 square feet. Multiply that number by 256, which is our number of pennies in a square foot, and you get 206,922,240 which is how many pennies you could fit on the roadway of the Golden Gate without overlapping.
2) Our images have a ratio of 16:9, and our design layouts have 12 pixel wide increments (there are no limits on height). Give examples of three image sizes that would have the correct ratio and would fit the design layout.
Some image sizes you could use are 192x108, 384x216, and 768x432.
3) What is the minimum number of moves required for a knight to cover the entire chess board? Write a program to prove it. Provide a graph with the move number on the x axis and the number of squares covered on the y axis.
Well if I’m interpreting your question correctly I believe you are talking about a knight’s tour where the knight travels across the chess board in 64 moves without ever touching the same square twice. I have know idea how to write a program to prove it so I’m going to skip that part but a quick google search will yield you many results haha. I also skipped the graph because I was confused since the whole point of the knight’s tour is to touch each square only once therefore your graph would go up to 64 on the x axis and the points would move up the y axis one length at a time since the knight is landing on a unique square each time.
4) Creatively prove to us that you meet our value – Fire – that this would be more than just a job to you, and that you are passionate about us.
http://i256.photobucket.com/albums/hh165/indigo_wolf13/code-fooragecomic.png

Bio-
Jennifer Harford, 22 years of age, lives in Pleasanton, California in her childhood home, which she would very much like to escape. In 2010 she earned her Bachelor’s degree in applied design (whatever the hell that is) from the prestigious party school of San Diego State University. She has worked at such fine establishments as Michael’s and the Gap working as a cashier and sales associate respectively. At Michael’s Jennifer learned the importance of the customer is always right, except when they’re stupid and wrong, and don’t understand that we can’t hold two fake fichus trees for them over night when they have already purchased them. Gap has also taught her many valuable lessons. Mainly how to properly fold clothes and that you can’t really stop shoplifters. While Jennifer will never forget these lessons and the times she has spent working in retail, she very much wants to. Jennifer longs to get a real job and work in the games industry, IGN being the ultimate goal. She sees a need to diversify her skill set as art has gotten her nowhere in life so far. While she has no experience in coding and programming, Jennifer is a very motivated individual and a quick learner. A puzzle lover and great problem solver, she is never one to give up easily, and has the patience to back that up. If chosen expect Jennifer to metamorphose from complete noob to coding champ right before your eyes!
